samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: LED #1 to indicate LTE registration status (#6618)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added a new shell command ``cloud`` for establishing an MQTT connection to nRF Cloud.
  * Removed support for the GPS driver.

>   * DK LED #1 is indicating LTE registration status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The LED1 on the development kit indicates the LTE registration status.
```
Should this be also documented in the actual sample doc?

Author: A good point. Added. Please, check.
